NETOBSERV-986 - IPFIX exporter implementation (#311)
netobserv/network-observability-operator: config/manifests/bases/description-ocp.md

## Configuration

> The `FlowCollector` resource is used to configure the operator and its managed components. A comprehensive documentation is [available here](https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/blob/main/docs/FlowCollector.md), and a full sample file [there](https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/blob/main/config/samples/flows_v1beta1_flowcollector.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FlowCollector` resource is used to configure the operator and its managed components. A comprehensive documentation is [available here](https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/blob/1.0.2/docs/FlowCollector.md), and a full sample file [there](https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/blob/1.0.2/config/samples/flows_v1beta1_flowcollector.yaml).
```

Author: done!

- Loki (`spec.loki`): configure here how to reach Loki. The default values match the Loki quick install paths mentioned above, but you may have to configure differently if you used another installation method.

> - Quick filters (`spec.consolePlugin.quickFilters`): configure preset filters to be displayed in the Console plugin. They offer a way to quickly switch from filters to others, such as showing / hiding pods network, or infrastructure network, or application network, etc. They can be tuned to reflect the different workloads running on your cluster. For a list of available filters, [check this page](https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/blob/main/docs/QuickFilters.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Quick filters (`spec.consolePlugin.quickFilters`): configure preset filters to be displayed in the Console plugin. They offer a way to quickly switch from filters to others, such as showing / hiding pods network, or infrastructure network, or application network, etc. They can be tuned to reflect the different workloads running on your cluster. For a list of available filters, [check this page](https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/blob/1.0.2/docs/QuickFilters.md).
```

Author: done!
